NarsilM V1.2 Summary of Changes From Stock Q8:
drive.google.com - NarslM v1.2
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B1IxYZuk4DjcYVhFU0YzVjVfM3c?usp=sharing

Features:

- added momentary/tactical mode via 5X clicks in ramping mode (full 
  turbo only when switch is held down) - only active til a power reset.  
  It's only accessible from ramping mode, not Mode Set operation. It's 
  very responsive, can handle high speed repetitive fast clicks, can be 
  used to do Morse Code or manually controlled strobes
- operation change: make click&hold in MODES or STROBES wrap from 1st 
  mode to last. This should make it easier to get quickly to beacon 
  modes, for example
- if strobes are disabled, a 2X click from 2X turbo should restore the 
  previous level you were at

Bug Fixes:

- in LVP switch LED control: the LED sometimes is left on after an LVP 
  drop, and is not blinking the way it should be. The "bug" is that I'm 
  trying to control the switch LEDs from multiple places so it's getting 
  turned off quickly after turned on, and left on when it should be left 
  off. It's a timing thing, so has sort of a random pattern - sometimes 
  left on, sometimes left off. The 8 sec LVP blink need to be qualified 
  better, and should not be calling Setlevel() as is because it wants to 
  control the LED
- 4X clicks in modes operation engages lockout - not supposed to, fixed 
  this so it no longer does
- temp stepdown should not happen right away from turn ON. Delay it by 
  15 seconds.
- for temperature stepdown, in moon mode, a temp stepdown is actually 
  done because moon mode is marked as special level 255, which is 
  considered as a high level of output instead of very low. The stepdown 
  results in the light switching much brighter. This should only happen 
  if the temperature threshold is set to a low temp, or the light is 
  still hot and not cooled down when moon mode is chosen. It can also 
  result in an immediate jump to the stepdown level as soon as the light 
  is turned on in moon mode. Might appear as a bright flash when ramping 
  first starts.

Unrelated to the Q8 build version:

- full BLF GT buck driver support
- capability of setting max ramping to less than full max FET (Hi mode), 
  while the 2X click still goes to full FET turbo. This is being used 
  for the GT buck driver configuration
- added more compile switches, little better custom configuration of the 
  source in header files


